Add support for ID-based links (#3)
tchayen/markdown-links: README.md

## Concepts

- Title is always the first markdown heading of depth 1, i.e. `# Title`.

> - Files which do not have a title do not appear in the graph
> - Files can link to other files usin path-based or ID-based links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Files which do not have a title do not appear in the graph.
- Files can link to other files using local Markdown links or ID-based links.
```

- The graph is not directed. It doesn't show which file has the link and which one is linked.
- Directory structure is not relevant for the graph. All that matters is the mutual links between files.

> ### Path-based links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Local Markdown links
```
